[Music]
past sample was where
today is the 5th of April
I am happy
yesterday was the 4th of April
I was sad
[Music]
I am happy
I was
[Music]
past present future
past
he was short
[Music]
present
he's told
[Music]
he was short
he is tall
[Music]
he was
past
[Music]
she was five
present
she is 10.
[Music]
she was five
she is 10.
she was
[Music]
today
it is sunny
[Music]
yesterday
it was raining
thank you
it was rainy
it is sunny
it was
[Music]
today
you are great
[Music]
yesterday
you were happy
[Music]
you where
today
hungry
[Music]
yesterday
we were thirsty
[Music]
we were
today
at school
yesterday
they were at home
they were
[Music]
review
I was
he was
she was it was your turn
[Music]
you where we were
they were your turn
[Music]
bye
thank you